[bell dings]
[sighs]
♪
[keyboard keys clacking]
Alright, I think I'm done.
-Oh. Great work, Shinozaki!
-You scared me, Senpai!
Are you finished
with your meeting now?
Yep!
It went by quicker
than I expected.
And you're done too!
That's what I like to see.
Great productivity!
Thanks for finishing
everything up!
Oh. For sure.
It was pretty similar
to my usual.
No need to praise me for that.
Well, in my opinion
you should always be praised.
In that case,
thank you very much.
You're welcome!
[gasp]
I'm so proud of you, Shinozaki,
and I'll always be here
to support you no matter what.
[SHINOZAKI] One of my superiors
at work, my Senpai,
is so small and cute!
♪
[car horn honks]
[SHIORI]
Meow.
What's going on here?
You good?
Oh, Shinozaki!
It's good to see you.
Good to see you too.
Everything's fine.
But I just saw a cat jump
into the bushes over there
and I was really hoping
that if I meowed at it,
it might come out again.
So that's what you were doing?
It was the cutest little bean
I've ever seen!
It was the tiniest, floofiest
brown kitty cat.
The kind of kitty you can't help
but wanna scritch
because it's so fluffy!
-You really are, yeah.
-What?
I was talking about the cat.
Oh, I know!
Uh, I also meant the cat.
Oh, no, look at the time!
We'd better get moving,
or we'll be late!
Yes! Right!
[SHIORI]
Excuse me?
When you have a spare moment
could you look at my entry
for the competition?
Oh. Right now?
You know the deadline's
not for a while, don't you?
Yep!
But since
we're using the client's input,
the sooner it gets approved,
the sooner I can make changes.
[AKINA]
Ah, that makes sense.
Thank you for your diligence,
Miss Katase.
Good call, Senpai!
[giggle]
It's something I always do.
Grown-ups
should think ahead!
I gotta say, working at a desk
has really done a number
on my shoulders and back.
Every time I move,
something pops.
It doesn't help that you're on
the computer a lot, either.
For real. I swear, it's like
my shoulders are seized up
all the time these days.
I think there are a couple
contributing factors there.
It's one of those things
that makes you want a massage.
Awesome idea!
I would love that!
Wait!
What did I just agree to?
Are we hopping the train
to erotic massage town?
Should I rub your shoulders?
Please, if you don't mind!
♪
Oh, yeah! There it is!
That's what I want.
Please, don't stop!
[moan]
Oh, wow!
If you keep touching me
like that.
I might...
Hey, is everything okay?
Yeah, yeah, I'm all good!
Nothing but pure thoughts here!
I get stiff shoulders a lot,
too,
so I was fantasizing
about massages!
Well, then it sounds like
it's time for my kohai
to get some encouragement
of the physical variety!
You really
don't have to do that.
I can just go get
a massage later.
Oh, I don't mind at all.
But you gotta promise
not to fall asleep, okay?
[gasps]
♪
Squeezy, squeezy, squeezy,
squeezy, squeezy, squeezy.
[SHINOZAKI] Whoa, I'm getting
massaged by her tiny hands!
Every squeeze is delicate bliss!
It's like she's making
the world's fluffiest biscuits!
[SHIORI]
Goodness, Shinozaki.
I've never felt anything
like this.
You're just so big and stiff,
and I really want to
make you feel good.
But my hands are way too small
to fit around all of you.
No, it's okay, Senpai!
I think that's enough
for now, though!
Does that mean
you're feeling better?
Uh-huh.
Probably too good.
Oh, uh, just forget
I said anything. It's nothing!
So, um, "And that concludes
my proposal. Thank you".
Right. That's probably okay.
Maybe I should
go through it again.
"My name is Takuma Shinozaki
with Dev Group 2's Team A.
My proposal today is in regard
to the upcoming anniversary
of our company's primary mascot
Meowtaro, which as you "
-Whatcha talking about?
-[startled]
Sorry, I didn't see you!
Oops,
I didn't mean to startle you!
[giggle]
Oh, no, that's alright.
My new employee presentation
is tomorrow.
So, I wanted to be ready.
Aw, that's nice!
I remember
my first presentation.
So, you see, if we were to
start arranging collaborations
between popular sweets brands
and our company's mascot
character, Meowtaro,
I really believe
we could hit an entirely
new customer demographic
which would help
boost our sales.
[indistinct chatter]
[startled]
Oh, goodness! I'm so sorry!
Please forgive me!
I goofed up the materials
for my proposal pretty badly.
But see, I managed to turn it
around and I'm still here,
so I have total faith in you!
[SHINOZAKI]
That's bizarrely motivating!
I appreciate the encouragement.
Well, the thing is,
I tend to get really bad
performance anxiety
about these sorts of things.
But there's this superstition.
You write the word "person"
on your hand
and if you swallow it,
you calm down!
It's probably totally fake,
but I heard somewhere
that there are certain pressure
points in the palm of your hand
and if you trace "person"
into it,
-you can press them which...
-[SHIORI] Earth to Shinozaki!
Uh...
[SHIORI]  I wrote the word
down for you!
This'll make you feel
all better. So swallow it!
Come on. Better not waste it!
[SHINOZAKI]
She's so close to me!
Senpai's tiny hand
is inches from my nose!
I mean, it kinda seems like
a waste to eat it!
[gasp]
I can always make
some more for you, silly!
So go ahead and eat it all up!
[SHINOZAKI]
I'm dying! She acts like a wife!
Well, in that case,
I guess I'll eat it.
♪
Mm...
[grunts]
Gosh, I'm so sorry!
Did my breath tickle you?
I'll be more careful!
Oh, no, it's okay!
I didn't mind it!
Are you feeling any better?
I am! I can do this!
Thanks for your help.
Maybe you can write
another one for me
before my presentation
tomorrow.
I'll have one ready for you.
Whatever I can do!
[SHINOZAKI]
Miss Yamagishi?
Will you be coming to this
month's drinking party?
You bet I will!
I'll add you to the list, then.
[YAMAGISHI] Are you in charge
of planning it?
Yeah. I drew the short straw
this time.
Hayakawa,
you coming to the party?
Or no?
Huh?
-Nah.
-Oh, what a surprise.
You're as sociable as ever, huh?
Shut up, okay?
I went one time.
Isn't that enough?
[SHINOZAKI]
Uh-huh, only the first time.
-Yeah, and that was plenty.
-Hmm?
Hm...
-Hm?
Are you guys dating
or something?
-Dating?
Shinozaki seems pretty comfy
talking to you, Hayakawa.
No, you've got it all wrong!
Hayakawa and I have been friends
since we were kids, okay?
Yeah, exactly!
He and I just grew up together,
that's all!
Does it seriously look like
Hayakawa and I are going out?
[SHIORI]
Shinozaki?
You're super comfortable
with Hayakawa, right?
You, too, Senpai?
Listen,
it's not what you're thinking.
Please let me explain!
We were neighbors,
so we happened
to go through preschool,
elementary,
and middle school together.
And then
through total coincidence,
we both ended up working
at the same company.
We're cursed by fate, I guess.
It just seemed to me
like you two were pretty chummy.
Hold up.
Is she jealous?
Oh, please,
as if that would ever happen.
There's nothing between us.
Sure, she and I get along
super well, but that's just...
I'm kinda jealous.
[sigh]
Did she really just say
she was jealous?
No way!
I'm not hearing things, am I?
I mean, she does seem a lot
more mopey than usual today.
I can't believe she's jealous!
If that's the case,
then does that mean
that she has feelings for...
[SHIORI]
Um, Shinozaki.
I was wondering if...
[gasp]
If maybe you might wanna...
You think you could introduce me
to Hayakawa
so that I can be friends
with her too?
I've always wanted
to get to know her more.
She's so cool and aloof.
But there's never been a chance
to get together
outside work hours.
So, I was wondering
if you could maybe introduce me?
That's it?
What's the matter?
[exasperated laugh]
Just realizing
I'm an arrogant swine is all.
Huh?
[SERVER]
Welcome in! Table for three?
Follow me.
[chuckling]
Hm...
[indistinct chatter]
[giggling]
[groans]
It's funny.
I've always been like
a magnet for cats.
[SHINOZAKI]
I can tell.
[SHIORI] My Tiny Senpai
will be right back!
[SHIORI] Woah.
This box is a lot heavier
than I expected it to be.
[SHINOZAKI] Careful, Senpai!
Let me carry that!
[COWORKER]
I'm so sorry about this.
Oh, no, it's okay.
Don't even worry about it.
This kind of thing happens
all the time.
Keep me posted
if you need more help, okay?
[COWORKER]
Thanks for understanding.
Hey, Shinozaki.
What was all that about?
There was a little bit
of a mix-up with some data,
but we've got it
all worked out now.
You don't get mad, no matter
how badly people screw up.
-Is that what you think?
-Yeah, like before.
If someone's already kicking
themselves for messing up,
I see no reason
to make matters worse.
Plus, there are ways
to correct someone
without flying off the handle.
Oh, and that reminds me,
Shinozaki!
Yeah?
You haven't been making
enough reports lately!
[SHINOZAKI]
I haven't been?
Aw, crap.
Which reports did I miss?
And is this...
her version
of flying off the handle?
Sorry. I'll do better.
Anytime you've worked hard.
I expect you to report to me
about it!
Uh.
Only when I work hard. Really?
Precisely!
I want to stay up to date
on everything you're doing.
Especially
if you gave your best effort.
[SHINOZAKI] If this is
her version of discipline,
then count me in!
As your Senpai.
When you do well
it's my job to praise you.
[giggle]
[SHINOZAKI]
So next time I work really hard.
Then you better tell me,
and I'll do my best
to pay attention!
Thank you for supporting me.
[giggle]
Come on!
It's time to get back to
the office and work, work, work!
You got it!
I'm right behind you!
[keyboard keys clacking]
[SHINOZAKI]
It's getting late,
but I dunno
if I'm ready to stop yet.
I'll finish this up at least.
I accidentally got two drinks
from the machine
so you can have that one.
[SHINOZAKI]
Thanks, that's really nice.
Oh, right, I should probably
reimburse you!
I should probably reimburse
you! Let me see.
-That won't be necessary.
-I think I might have some...
-Just consider it my treat.
-...spare change in here.
Okay?
Besides, I'm simply pawning it
off on you.
It's kinda like an abuse of
authority, you get me?
[SHINOZAKI] Greatest abuse
of authority ever!
Have you still not finished
doing all your work for the day?
Oh, uh, not yet.
I was just planning to finish up
with this part before stopping.
You know, I'd be happy
to give you a hand with it!
It's okay,
you seriously don't have to go
out of your way to help me out.
Nonsense,
it's a Senpai's duty to help her
little kohai. You get it?
And when we're done,
I'll abuse my authority again
and take you to dinner!
[SHINOZAKI] The sequel
to greatest abuse of authority
ever!
'Kay.
Well, you can do this part.
No prob!
I'm surprised
at how quickly you managed
to finish everything tonight.
That was all because of you.
Thanks for the assist.
Which means it's only fair
if I pay for dinner!
Not happening.
I'll be treating you.
-I'm gonna pay.
-No, I'm paying!
-I'll pay!
-No, I will!
I forgot that it was still
a little cold at night.
Let's get to dinner
before we freeze to death.
What are you doing?
So you don't get cold.
But you don't have to!
Put your arms
through the sleeves, please.
It's okay! I'm not that cold.
I swear!
Don't be silly.
I want you to know
your authority's not the reason
I do this stuff.
[gasp]
Oh.
I'll try to remember that
in the future.
It's not too late yet,
so there should be
a lot of places still open.
Sounds good.
But, um, are you sure you aren't
too cold without your coat?
Yeah. I'm alright.
[SHIORI] Shinozaki's jacket
is so comfy and warm,
like a big blanket.
It's probably
'cause he was wearing it before.
But still, it's very nice.
Maybe it has something to do
with how big and cozy it is,
but in a way, it kinda makes
it feel like he's hugging me!
What am I thinking?
I'm getting too carried away!
Hey, um...
I dunno
how much more I can take.
It's just too much!
Hey, are you good?
Here, you can have it back now!
But you're cold?
We're almost to the restaurant
so it'll be fine.
And besides, we're pretty close
to the office.
If someone saw,
they might get the wrong idea.
Ah, guess you're right.
I'm sorry. I totally should've
considered that.
No, no, I really appreciate you
letting me borrow it for a bit!
What do you say
we head inside and grab a bite?
My tummy's pretty rumbly.
Let's go.
Welcome in! Oh, a party of two?
You can just follow me.
[SHINOZAKI] The jacket
still smells like Senpai!
Is everything okay?
[SHINOZAKI] Uh, it's nothing!
Nothing at all!
Phew, it's a little warm
in here, isn't it?
I should probably
take this thing off.
It all looks so tasty!
There are so many
delicious things to choose from.
I don't even know
where to start.
[SHINOZAKI] Take all the time
you need to decide.
[gasp]
Do you already know
what you wanna eat, Shinozaki?
[SHINOZAKI]
Yeah, I think so.
Oh, well then,
I better not keep you waiting!
Seriously, there's no hurry!
Okay! I decided!
[SERVER]
Be there in a moment!
Let me see, I'll have
the miso-glazed beef tongue
and the mixed vegetable stew.
And an order of
the fluffy soymilk pudding
for dessert, please.
I'll take the
saikyo-yaki mackerel dinner.
That's all.
You're not gonna get
any dessert?
Should I?
Pudding is just so fluffy
and tasty, ya know?
It's gotta be one of
my favorite things ever.
It's super soft, and sweet,
but not too sweet.
Pudding for me too, I guess.
[SERVER]
You got it!
I'll be back with your food.
By the way, I've been wanting
to thank you for helping me out.
I don't just mean today.
When do you mean?
That speech.
I got through it
with no problems
and that's all thanks to you
helping me.
[SHIORI]
Don't thank me!
You were so successful
because you put in all that time
to prepare it.
All I did was help to get you
out of your head a little bit.
And besides,
I'd never leave you high and dry
if you needed assistance.
Because that's my job
as your Senpai!
Well, just know
that I appreciate everything.
Hey. I'm here for you!
But, you know,
don't go pushing yourself to
work overtime every day, okay?
Hard work is good,
but burnouts bad.
So don't push past your limits,
'kay?
Got it!
[SERVER]
Here we are, you two!
I've got
the saikyo-yaki mackerel.
And the miso-glazed beef tongue.
I hope you enjoy.
Let's dig in, shall we?
Tonight we're gonna eat
our fill,
and then tomorrow
we'll give it our best again!
Right!
Thank you for the food!
-It's hot!
-[SHINOZAKI] Are you okay?
[SHIORI]
Yeah.
[SHINOZAKI] So cats
do have sensitive tongues.
-[SHIORI] What was that?
-[SHINOZAKI] Uh, nothing!
Talking to myself!
[SHIORI]
Meow.
Morning, Senpai. How're you?
Oh, good morning, Shinozaki!
I'm doing fine.
You trying to summon
more cats today?
Yep! And this time it'll work!
I thought I heard him meowing
just a second ago.
Meow-meow.
Meow.
Hey, did you hear that?
I think
the cat finally answered!
[SHINOZAKI]
Uh-huh.
Although, the meow
was a lot deeper than before.
Maybe there are two cats inside?
Meow.
You're a total meanie!
I can't believe
you would tease me like that!
Look, I'm sorry!
I didn't think
you'd be fooled for real!
As your punishment
for this transgression,
you have to be a kitty cat for
the rest of the day, Shinozaki!
I'm "Kitty Shinozaki" now?
Now meow for me!
Um, meow?
Don't you think this is too far?
-No, it's not!
-But it's embarrassing.
[SHIORI]
You have to follow my orders!
-[SHINOZAKI] Okay.
-[SHIORI] Get it together!
You're only allowed
to say "meow"!
-Hey, Manager. G'morning.
-Oh, hi! It's you. Morning.
You look amused about something.
What's up?
Oh, nothing.
I'm just happy to see
that my team is getting along
so swimmingly.
Are they?
Alright, then, Meowzaki.
It's time to go to work!
Yes, Ma'am! I'm coming!
Cats don't speak!
You've gotta meow!
Meow!
[giggle]
Let's do our best today, okay?
My kohai Meowzaki!